Create components design placeholder docs (#2)
vaxine-io/vaxine: design/pub-sub.md

# Pub-Sub

A pub-sub system that allows subscription of updates on specific objects or tracking changes with low latency, ordering and delivery guarantees, suitable for building realtime collaborative applications using CRDTs and much more.

Our pub-sub system is built on top of Antidote's changes stream to be able to leverage CRDTs characteristics to efficiently propagate changes to subscribers. For instance, when propagating new updates on a Set object we can choose to propagate operations effects instead of the new version of the object, with the guarantee that the subscriber is able to apply and expose the update.

> We plan to integrate our pub-sub interface with Phoenix to be able to build real-time collaborative applications leveraging the CRDTs library of Antidote.

Reviewer: Just to be on the same page: The Antidote CRDT library should be transparent to the user in the sense that Antidote's API hides from specifics and encapsulates the actual implementation (e.g. via the protobuf spec).

Author: We are on the same page. Let me elaborate a bit about what's on my mind. From my research into Phoenix, the pub-sub system propagates message payloads per topic. This requires that all the logic for handling conflicts is on the server side. 

I would like to be able to downstream effects that can be automatically applied to subscribed objects, or, if that is not possible, have a managed subscription that knows how to apply those effects (possibly by maintaining a server-side CRDT).

I will modify this sentence to be a bit more generic.

```suggestion
We plan to integrate our pub-sub system with Phoenix to be able to stream updates from the database into the backend server, and easily build collaborative applications that can take advantage of CRDT semantics.
```
